[ 

"Are you a parking ticket? ‘Cause you’ve got fine written all over you.",
"There must be something wrong with my eyes, I can’t take them off you.",
"Do you have a pencil? Cause I want to erase your past and write our future.",
"When I was walking by, I noticed you stalking so.. what’s up?",
"I was wondering if you had an extra heart. Mine was just stolen.",
"Did the sun come out or did you just smile at me?",
"I’m lost. Can you give me directions to your heart?",
"Hello. Cupid called. He wants to tell you that he needs my heart back.",
"Are you sure you’re not tired? You’ve been running through my mind all day."
"Hey, tie your shoes! I don’t want you falling for anyone else.",
"I may not be a genie, but I can make your dreams come true.",
"Was you father an alien? Because there’s nothing else like you on Earth!",
"Is there an airport nearby or is it my heart taking off?",
"Do I know you? ‘Cause you look a lot like my dream girlfriend",
"You might be asked to leave soon. You are making the other women look bad.",
"Is your name Google? Because you have everything I’ve been searching for.",
"If nothing lasts forever, will you be my nothing?",
"Hey, you’re pretty and I’m cute. Together we’d be Pretty Cute.",
"Are you religious? Because you’re the answer to all my prayers.",
"Are you my phone charger? Because without you, I’d die.",
"Hello, I’m a thief, and I’m here to steal your heart.",
"Is it hot in here or is it just you?",
"Are you a dictionary? Cause you’re adding meaning to my life.",
"For some reason, I was feeling a little off today. But when you came along, you definitely turned me on.",
"You must be a broom, ‘cause you just swept me off my feet.",
"You don’t need keys to drive me crazy.",
"I must be in a museum, because you truly are a work of art.",
"There’s only one thing I want to change about you, and that’s your last name.",
"You remind me of a magnet, because you sure are attracting me over here!",
"I’m sorry, were you talking to me? [No] Well then, please start.",
"Is your dad a terrorist? Cause you’re the bomb.",
"Are you from Russia? ‘Cause you’re russian my heart rate!",
"Somebody call the cops, because it’s got to be illegal to look that good!",
"Are you a magician? Because whenever I look at you, everyone else disappears!",
"Aside from being sexy, what do you do for a living?",
"Can you take me to the doctor? Because I just broke my leg falling for you.",
"Would you grab my arm, so I can tell my friends I’ve been touched by an angel?",
"I’m no mathematician, but I’m pretty good with numbers. Tell you what, give me yours and watch what I can do with it.",
"Was your father a thief? ‘Cause someone stole the stars from the sky and put them in your eyes.",
"Did it hurt? When you fell from heaven?",
"There is something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn't have your number in it.",
"On a scale of 1 to 10, you're a 9 and I'm the 1 you need.",
"Are you a time traveler? Because I see you in my future!",
"Are you a camera? Because every time I look at you, I smile!",
"Would you grab my arm, so I can tell my friends I was touched by an angel.",
"Hey, can I follow you home? My parents told me to follow my dreams.",
"Is your name Google? Because you have everything I've been searching for.",
"Kiss me if I'm wrong, but dinosaurs still exist, right?",
"You must be a magician. Because any time I look at you, everyone else disappears.",
"Hey, my name's Microsoft. Can I crash at your place?",
"If nothing lasts forever, will you be my nothing?",
"Well here I am. What are your other two wishes?",
"Are your parents bakers? Because you're a cutie pie!",
"Is there an airport nearby, or was that just my heart taking off?",
"You know what you'd look really beautiful in? My arms.",
"Have you been covered in bees recently? I just assumed, because you look sweeter than honey.",
"Can I take a picture of you so Santa knows what I want for Christmas?",
"See my friend over there? They want to know if you think I'm cute.",
"I seem to have lost my phone number. Can I have yours?",
"I'm learning about important dates in history. Wanna be one of them?",
"You must be tired because you've been running through my mind all night.",
"If I could rearrange the alphabet, I'd put ‘U' and ‘I' together.",
"I must be a snowflake, because I've fallen for you",
"Were your parents aliens, because you're out of this world.",
"Hey, you're so gorgeous you made me forget my pickup line.",
"Are you French? Because Eiffel for you.",
"I'd never play hide and seek with you because someone like you is impossible to find.",
"Aside from being sexy, what do you do for a living?",
"I wish I were cross-eyed so I can see you twice.",
"You're eyes are like a maze, I'm keep getting lost in them.",
"Want to make a burger together? I'll provide the meat and you can sandwich it between your buns.",
"Do you have a pencil? Cause I want to erase your past and write our future.",
"Hey, you dropped something. I hope it was your standards. Hi, I'm Melody",
"I really want to wear a dress but I don't have any. Can I slip into you tonight?",
"Are you country roads, because I wanna take you home.",
"Did the sun come out or did you just smile at me?",
"I don't want your candy, what I really want is your number.",
"Hey there, mind if I take a bite? Cause your decomposing in ALL the right places.",
"Hi, I'm a zombie, can I eat you out?",
"I'm going to punch you in the mouth. With my own mouth. Softly. Because I like you.",
"Is your dad a locksmith because you have the keys to my heart.",
"There you are, you're on my to do list.",
"I hope you know CPR, because you just took my breath away!",
"So, aside from taking my breath away, what do you do for a living?",
"I ought to complain to Spotify for you not being named this week’s hottest single.",
"Are you a parking ticket? ‘Cause you’ve got ‘fine’ written all over you.",
"Your eyes are like the ocean; I could swim in them all day.",
"When I look in your eyes, I see a very kind soul.",
"If you were a vegetable, you’d be a ‘cute-cumber.’",
"Do you happen to have a Band-Aid? ‘Cause I scraped my knees falling for you.",
"I never believed in love at first sight, but that was before I saw you.",
"I didn’t know what I wanted in a woman until I saw you.",
"I was wondering if you could tell me: If you’re here, who’s running Heaven?",
"No wonder the sky is gray at night — all the color is in your eyes.",
"You’ve got everything I’ve been searching for, and believe me—I’ve been looking a long time.",
"You’re like a fine wine. The more of you I drink in, the better I feel.",
"You’ve got a lot of beautiful curves, but your smile is absolutely my favorite.",
"Are you as beautiful on the inside as you are on the outside?",
"If being sexy was a crime, you’d be guilty as charged.",
"I was wondering if you’re an artist because you were so good at drawing me in.",
"It says in the Bible to only think about what’s pure and lovely… So I’ve been thinking about you all day long.",
"Do you have a map? I just got lost in your eyes.",
"I’d like to take you to the movies, but they don’t let you bring in your own snacks.",
"You know what you would look really beautiful in? My arms.",
"I would never play hide and seek with you because someone like you is impossible to find.",
"Are you a magician? It’s the strangest thing, but every time I look at you, everyone else disappears.",
"I think there’s something wrong with my phone. Could you try calling it to see if it works?",
"Hi, I just wanted to thank you for the gift. (pause) I’ve been wearing this smile ever since you gave it to me.",
"Are you an electrician? Because you’re definitely lighting up my day/night!",
"I’ve heard it said that kissing is the ‘language of love.’ Would you care to have a conversation with me about it sometime?",
"I always thought happiness started with an ‘h,’ but it turns out mine starts with ‘u.’",
"I believe in following my dreams. Can I have your Instagram?",
"Do you know what the Little Mermaid and I have in common? We both want to be part of your world.",
"If you were a song, you’d be the best track on the album.",
"You know, I always thought that Disneyland was the ‘happiest place on Earth,’ but that was before I got a chance to stand here next to you.",
"Want to go outside and get some fresh air with me? You just took my breath away.",
"If you were a taser, you’d be set to ‘stun.’",
"If you were a Transformer, you’d be ‘Optimus Fine.’",
"Is your name Google? Because you have everything I’m searching for.",
"Do you ever get tired from running through my thoughts all night?",
"You know, they say that love is when you don’t want to sleep because reality is better than your dreams. And after seeing you, I don’t think I ever want to sleep again.",
"Your hand looks heavy—can I hold it for you?",
"Are you a time traveler? Because I absolutely see you in my future.",
"Do you know what my shirt is made of? Boyfriend material.",
"I thought this was a mailing site, but I must be in a museum because you’re a piece of art.",
"You know, your smile has been lighting up the room all night and I just had to come and say hello.",
"Hi, I’m Edward. Do you remember me? Oh, that’s right—we’ve only met in my dreams.",
"What does it feel like to be the most gorgeous girl in the world?",
"I can’t tell if that was an earthquake, or if you just seriously rocked my world.",
"I just had to tell you, your beauty made me truly appreciate being able to see.",
"If you were a fruit, you’d be a ‘fine-apple.’",
"I don’t know your name, but I’m sure it’s as beautiful as you are. I’m (your name).",
"You are astoundingly gorgeous, but I can tell that’s the least interesting thing about you. I’d love to know more.",
"The sparkle in your eyes is so bright, the sun must be jealous.",
"One night I looked up at the stars and thought, ‘Wow, how beautiful.’ But now that I’m looking at you, nothing else can compare.",
"If I had a nickel for every time I saw someone as beautiful as you, I’d still only have five cents.",
"If beauty were time, you’d be eternity.",
"I think the only way you could possibly be more beautiful is if I got to know you.",
"I don’t know which is prettier today—the weather, or your eyes.",
"I swear someone stole the stars from the sky and put them in your eyes.",
"In my opinion, there are three kinds of beautiful: Cute, pretty, and sexy. Somehow, you manage to be all three.",
"I’m not usually religious, but when I saw you, I knew you were the answer to my prayers.",
"(Holding out my hand) Hey, I’m going for a walk. Would you mind holding this for me?",
"Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I try walking by again?",
"I’m really glad I just bought life insurance, because when I saw you, my heart stopped.",
"I’m not photographer, but I can definitely picture us together.",
"Would you mind giving me a pinch? You’re so cute, I must be dreaming.",
"Wow, when God made you, he was seriously showing off.",
"Excuse me, do you have the time? I just want to remember the exact minute I got a crush on you.",
"Kiss me if I’m wrong but, dinosaurs still exist, right?",
"If I were a cat, I’d spend all nine of my lives with you.",
"You know, I had a pickup line ready to go, but you’re so hot it just left my mind.",
"When I text you goodnight later, what color heart should I use?",
"I’m not currently an organ donor, but I’d be happy to give you my heart.",
"I was going to say something really sweet about you, but when I saw you, I became speechless.",
"You know, I believe that honesty is the best policy, so to be perfectly honest, you’re the sexiest girl I’ve ever seen.",
"I’d say, ‘God bless you,’ but it looks like he already did.",
"You must be a hell of a thief, because you managed to steal my heart from across the room.",
"There must be something wrong with my eyes—I can’t seem to take them off of you.",
"If you let me borrow a kiss, I promise I’ll give it right back.",
"My friends bet me I couldn’t talk to the prettiest girl in the bar. Want to use their money to buy some drinks?",
"Trust me, I’m not drunk; I’m just intoxicated by you.",
"I seem to have lost my number—can I have yours?",
"I was just trying to buy a drink here, but you’re very distracting.",
"I started reading/watching an interesting book/show last week, and I’d love to discuss it with someone. Have you heard of it?",
"You see my friend surya? he wants to know if you think I’m cute.",
"I was going to call you beautiful, but then I realized I don’t have your number yet.",
"Me: Are you good at math?\n You: No (or Yes)\n Me: Me neither (or Me too). But the only number I care about is yours.",
"I’m surprised the restaurant/bar/etc. hasn’t asked you to leave yet. You’re so beautiful you’re making all the other girls look bad.",
"Excuse me, I don’t mean to intrude, but you owe me a drink (pause), because when I saw you, I dropped mine.",
"Are you any good at boxing? Because you look like a knockout.",
"It’s never easy meeting a complete stranger—especially one as beautiful as you—without being properly introduced. But can we try anyway?",
"I wish I’d paid more attention to science in high school, because you and I’ve got chemistry and I want to know all about it.",
"Hi, I am edward, but you can call me tonight or tomorrow.",
"Do I know you? (pause) Oh, sorry, it’s just that you look just like my dream girlfriend.",
"If I were to ask you out on a date, would your answer be the same as the answer to this question?",
"Hey, do you mind if we take a picture together? I just want to show my mom what my dream girlfriend looks like.",
"You look like you know how to have a good time. Been on any adventures lately?",
"You know, I’m actually terrible at flirting. How about you try to pick me up instead?",
"Do you have a name, or can I just call you ‘mine?’",
"I’m not sure what it is yet, but something about you seems really interesting."

]